docs: Update docs for new connection methods (#258)
project-copacetic/copacetic: website/docs/quick-start.md

    ```bash
    trivy image --vuln-type os --ignore-unfixed mcr.microsoft.com/oss/nginx/nginx:1.21.6

> 3. Patch the image using the Trivy report.:
> 
>     You'll need a buildkit instance to connect to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Patch the image using the Trivy report and a buildkit instance to connect to:
```

Author: Updated

    By default copa will attempt to auto-connect to an instance in order:

>         1. Default docker buildkit endpoint

Reviewer: this requires 24.0 and the containerd-snapshotter, is that right? should we add this here or create a seperate section?

Author: Added note here.

        2. Currently selected buildx builder (see: `docker buildx --help`)
        3. buildkit daemon at the default address `/run/buildkit/buildkitd.sock`
    
    If an instance doesn't exist or that instance doesn't support all the features copa needs the next will be attempted.
    You may need to specify a custom address using the `--addr` flag. Here are the supported formats:

>     - `unix:///path/to/buildkit.sock` - Connect to buildkit over unix socket.

Reviewer: We should keep the instructions for this. Should we create a seperate section? wdyt?

>     - `tcp://$BUILDKIT_ADDR:$PORT` - Connec to buildkit over TCP. (not recommended for security reasons)

Reviewer: We should keep the instructions for buildkit as a container or natively. Should we create a seperate section? wdyt?

Author: Added as examples

    - `docker://<docker connection spec>` - Connect to docker, currently only unix sockets are supported, e.g. `docker://unix:///var/run/docker.sock` (or just `docker://`).
    - `docker-container://my-buildkit-container` - Connect to a buildkitd running in a docker container.
    - `buildx://my-builder` - Connect to a buildx builder (or `buildx://` for the currently selected builder). *Note: only container-backed buildx instances are currently supported*
    - `nerdctl-container://my-container-name` - Similar to `docker-container` but uses `nerdctl`.
    - `podman-container://my-container-name` - Similar to `docker-container` but uses `podman`.
    - `ssh://myhost` - Connect to a buildkit instance over SSH. Format of the host spec should mimic the SSH command.
    - `kubepod://mypod` - Connect to buildkit running in a Kubernetes pod. Can also specify kubectl context and pod namespace (`kubepod://mypod?context=foo&namespace=notdefault`).

    Example: Connect using defaults: 
    ```bash
    copa patch -i mcr.microsoft.com/oss/nginx/nginx:1.21.6 -r nginx.1.21.6.json -t 1.21.6-patched
    ```

    Example: Connect to buildx
    ```

>     docker buildx create --name demo

Reviewer: do we need --use? Will this bootstrap automatically?

Author: Didn't want to do `--use` so as to show we are using the named instance.
The driver does bootstrap the builder automatically.

    ```bash
    trivy image --vuln-type os --ignore-unfixed mcr.microsoft.com/oss/nginx/nginx:1.21.6

3. To patch the image, use the Trivy report and specify a buildkit instance to connect to:

    By default copa will attempt to auto-connect to an instance in order:

>         1. Default docker buildkit endpoint (requires at least docker v24.0 with [containerd snapshotter]() support enabled)

Reviewer: missing link?

Author: 🤦 Fixed
